Update CLI documentation descriptions to match current output format (#4183)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/quickstart/cli.md

Lines 7-11 of the output show that SQLMesh detected three new models relative to the current empty environment.

> Lines 12-16 list each model that will be executed by the plan, along with the date intervals or refresh types. For both `full_model` and `seed_model`, it shows `[full refresh]`, while for `incremental_model` it shows a specific date range `[2020-01-01 - 2025-04-17]`. The incremental model date range begins from 2020-01-01 because that date is specified in the `start` property of its `MODEL` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lines 12-16 list each model that will be executed by the plan, along with the date intervals or refresh types. For both `full_model` and `seed_model`, it shows `[full refresh]`, while for `incremental_model` it shows a specific date range `[2020-01-01 - 2025-04-17]`. The incremental model date range begins from 2020-01-01 because the `full` model kind always fully rebuilds its table.
```
